---
layout: post
title:  "Artificial Intelligence"
date:   2016-03-28 21:00:07 -0700
categories: jekyll update
---

Presenter: Torben & Gary

### Introduction

### Follow-Up

References:

* [www.fastcoexist.com/3057514/your-data-footprint-is-affecting-your-life-in-ways-you-cant-even-imagine](www.fastcoexist.com/3057514/your-data-footprint-is-affecting-your-life-in-ways-you-cant-even-imagine)

Book recommendations from Gary:

* Our Grandchildren Redesigned by Michael Bess. The book surveys emerging biotechnologies for "enhancement" of human (and animal) physical, cognitive, and personality traits along with ethical considerations and possible advantages/disadvantages, e.g., "designer babies." Reviews pharmaceutical, bioelectric, genetic/epigenetic, and nanotech trends. Remarkable possibilities--you'll love it or be really unnerved by these scenarios, but the science is racing forward. (Book is written for the general, inquisitive reader; you don't have to be a scientist to appreciate it, although there is some simple explanation of scientific concepts.)
 
* The Great Transition: Shifting from Fossil Fuels to Solar and Wind Energy by Lester R. Brown. After talking with Torben about the ongoing cascade of coal company bankruptcies here in the U.S. (good news unless you're a coal miner! IMHO), I found this library book on the current status of renewables around the globe. I was pleasantly surprised about how far along the transition to green energies is; although clearly there is a long way to go before most of our energy production is non-polluting, the transition is accelerating as more and more state and national governments get on board, as well as increasing social blow-back on coal and nuclear. Another reason to feel optimistic about the future. (Note: If you're invested [$] in the energy sector, it would be prudent to read and consider this info.)[]()